3/18
set up user account model and profile models.

Register page: host/accounts/register

3/25
set up user profiles.
    - Wallet
    - Cars Listed
    - Reviews given
    - Reviews recieved


han;testploy01

3/26
Testing pathing to other apps in the project
EX: logout from landing, clicking profile from landing (done)

Test user media resizing.

Create form to add credits to the user's wallet.


3/28
han2;testploy02 - current test account

Adding to user balance is functional.

Create a car listing system.
Create model >> create form to upload >> create page to display in grid view (loop)

Testing listing creation (done)

4/1
Testing Displaying of uploaded listings for personal listing view. (Done)

Testing Displaying of all uploaded listings for public listing view.(Done)

Remaining product work items:
Give Cards to listings
Add modals to the listings for button interactions
Add and test Application system
Add and test a Review system (show reviews on user dashboard page (welcome authenticated))
Add a rental history tracker (user dashboard page (welcome authenticated))
Show balance on user dashboard page
Show incoming Requests on user dashboard page


Testing Review System

4/2
Update listing upload process (is_available does not need to be initialized. Already default to true)
    - Once listing is created retrieve the table id and set the vehicle id field to it (done)


Update public listings to show apply button
    - open modal to prompt ("how many days?") and below "send", "cancel"
    - show apply button only for listings NOT made the current user. (done)
I have set most of the fields to be filled out by the system.
User only needs to set days to calculate est. price.

Update the welcome page
    - create a home link in the nav.
    - create dashboard layout (just a bunch of retrieved information for the user to view and respond to).
        - display listings
        - display application Requests (outgoing)
        - display application Requests (incoming)
        - display reviews (do later)
        - display DMS (do later)

create transaction history page
    - show past and current rentals.






